README.md, before:

# qr-geoloc - Tools for the geolocation of QRcode-tagged items based on a video stream #

qr-geoloc provides a set of basic image processing tools for the localization of QRcodes within a known and controled space.

qr-geoloc was developed by three students specialized in Robotics during their third year of engineering school. These works are part of the project Rain of Music, which aims to create a scenography that could be performed by terrestrial robots and/or aerial drones on a scene in front of a public. The QR geolocation takes place as a way to determine the localization (e.g. : position and orientation within a plane) of the different independant units, identified by a visible QRcode.

## Documentation ##
The sources files contain a full inline documentation in English. The document describing the geolocation process is available only in french.

## Related works ##
The project Rain of Music is a collaboration between [Bordeaux INP](https://bordeaux-inp.fr/), [LaBRI](https://www.labri.fr), [SCRIME](https://scrime.labri.fr), [Rhoban](https://rhoban.com) and [Universidad del País Vasco (UPV/EHU)](https://www.ehu.eus).

The scenography will be designed by EHU students and teachers. The software [i-score](https://github.com/OSSIA/i-score) will support the conversion of this scenography as a program containing all the commands and events occurring during the performance, and manage the communication with the different robots and drones. The robots currently used are Rhoban's quadruped [Metabots](https://github.com/Rhoban/Metabot).

Commit message:

Add details on development and doc

README.md, after:

# qr-geoloc - Tools for the geolocation of QRcode-tagged items based on a video stream #

qr-geoloc provides a set of basic image processing tools for the localization of QRcodes within a known and controled space.

qr-geoloc was developed by three students specialized in Robotics during their third year of engineering school. These works are part of the project Rain of Music, which aims to create a scenography that could be performed by terrestrial robots and/or aerial drones on a scene in front of a public. The QR geolocation takes place as a way to determine the localization (e.g. : position and orientation within a plane) of the different independant units, identified by a visible QRcode.

## Development ##
These programs are developed in C++ and based on three external libraries:
* [OpenCV](http://opencv.org) 2.4 (tested with 2.4.11) - Compiling OpenCV with CUDA support is mandatory to use GPU-accelerated features.
* [ZBar](http://zbar.sourceforge.net) 0.10
* [OSSIA](https://github.com/OSSIA/API)

## Documentation ##
The source files and headers contain a full inline documentation in English. The document describing the geolocation process is available only in french.

## Related works ##
The project Rain of Music is a collaboration between [Bordeaux INP](https://bordeaux-inp.fr), [LaBRI](https://www.labri.fr), [SCRIME](https://scrime.labri.fr), [Rhoban](https://rhoban.com) and [Universidad del País Vasco (UPV/EHU)](https://www.ehu.eus).

The scenography will be designed by EHU students and teachers. The software [i-score](https://github.com/OSSIA/i-score) will support the conversion of this scenography as a program containing all the commands and events occurring during the performance, and manage the communication with the different robots and drones. The robots currently used are Rhoban's quadruped [Metabots](https://github.com/Rhoban/Metabot).
